.TH zennectome-community 1 "Oct 12, 2016" "version 0.1" "TERMINAL USER COMMANDS
.SH zennectome-community
zennectome-community
\− A utility to find communities via different algorithms in a graph based on a connectivity matrix.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B zennectome
[-h] [--separator SEPARATOR]
        [--louvain | --walktrap | --spinglass]
        [matrix_filepath]


.SH DESCRIPTION
A utility to find communities via different algorithms in a graph based on a connectivity matrix.
.PP
You can provide a weighted connectivity matrix as a .csv file or pipe the csv file to the tool.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
positional arguments:
  matrix_filepath       The filepath to the connectivity matrix. Must be all-
                        to-all and in delimited format. Alternatively, the
                        file may be streamed to stdin and piped here.
.TP
optional arguments:
-h, --help            show this help message and exit

 -p SEPARATOR, --separator SEPARATOR
                      Specify the separator used in the file, defaults to ","

-l, --louvain
                      Run Louvain community detection on the given graph.

-w, --walktrap
                      Run Walktrap community detection on the given graph.

-s, --spinglass
                      Run spinglass community detection on the given graph.

.SH EXAMPLE
.TP

.B # zennectome-community examples/example.csv --separator ";" --louvain
.PP
.SH OUTPUT
Returns 0 if everything went fine, or 1 if something failed.
.SH SEE ALSO
python(1)
.SH AUTHOR
Peter Henderson
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (c) 2015 Peter Henderson
